here I am as I just told you
I wanted you in the video I just shot
try I wanted to spend two words
regarding the trip it deals with the body
here you can see let's say two of two
step this we say to the step I use
roughly from when claudio to around
three years
this is the step that a museum gives
cannes olivia one year
I had bought it in the green version
that you can see a sense of it also for
my second child is bought in a
I had another high chair
I must say that I think it's a big one
trip handicap too much in the sense that
in the other side comfortable for a first
weaning phase because you can
see even if there is this sort of
baby set
there is no real support for the head
so claudio who started it
weaning around 5 and a half months
when he ate he tended to get tired and
tired the crooked head was leaning
he was not there I have to tell the truth for
these solidarity that the
I didn't have room for the apartment
high chair for which I have waited longer
we have 9 10 months then started to stay there
well let's say a year with lidia hop
turned out to be mine , I used it from
birth and I started putting it in the trip
it's too much for a cleaning problem
I'll explain why we say in the high chair
the straps are classic
there are anxieties where lyria
eat alone even if it's only a year
you to this strong desire for autonomy
so all the bits of food fell
the theta mia is a very nice cover in
But cotton obviously touched my
ball too often practically every
day started in mind of the ten
dystrophin sky still hides
instead the beauty of this high chair
I think I 'd rather call chairs
because in reality it is in effect
a chair that you can use up to
when the child grows and they know
one rag is cleaned and me wood
I also use wood oven rice as well
disinfects in a moment and fruit
I would like to point out that they are here behind
also disturbances and sincerely provide a
used for claudio insiste because yes
they stuck out from the olive high chair here they were
here they are placed in front of the
child and then they close the sky cleansed
I never used a point and I saw it
more nobel than seven slightly different
because this band is connected to
these have done a great thing because
this one is the one towards the model
old and leather and if a little ruined e
with food maybe putting instead
structure of her new baby memo
gearbox set and all broken a suit
of plastic so think even more
easy to clean instead this for
to be cleaned must be disassembled
so it is neither a comfortable but I for not
spend other money or used anyway
like this one here green
here is the evolution obviously
slowly the basics move here
you can see them well according to the
child growth
in two and a half years three years to say
that this and will become a series there
I note how comfortable it is for
first the adults that is often that maybe
so it is also a chair that is for
use it you can eat
quietly you too is very comfortable
another handicap and the clutter then and
anti rollover but I can assure you
sure if the idea does not move then
however, it ensures the system they have made
their
this pedestal I show it as
here's how practically there is a here
game in my opinion on a visual level that makes
so that since he says he is like that
and performs a little more than the
backrest so the eye thinks that where
finish backrest finish pedestal
actually that's not how I assure you
that I gave myself a lot to the ai
feet not only had I gathered the
but every guests all of the same
same claudio because running
maybe or even just walking
a table the protruding part protrudes from
so so you have to be careful of a
fractional feet there is nothing
because in any case the founded part
but how many times it belongs to me because in
away of feet
here is not important but I want to say
if you buy it, watch out for your nails
for the rest the straw advice e
according to me if you have to buy a
high chair for a home now when
the child is one year then 13 14 months and
buy the trip trap because you will use it
really for a long time is a great one
purchase you will not regret
bye Bye